God
Hi friends, how are you this time?
I bring you news of what apple
presented during the event double w if
about ios 7 the expected new version
includes important visual changes in
the design of the operating system although
the structure remains the same the
design of the icons and the system in their
set is different with a tonality
whiter and a flatter interface have
changes occurred in the applications of
pictures calendars messages game sender
Siri time and safari with respect to
the applications of ios 7 is important
highlight and mention that all are
will update automatically
disappearing therefore the icon of
corner notification although I do not know
he commented a lot I imagine he will offer the
option to control this kind of
downloads and thus avoid a consumption
high and unwanted data
I will show you what are some of the
new things that apple showed us of ios
one of the requests of many users
for years and that today was made
present was the simple way to
access the wifi settings
3g bluetooth take a picture
Adjust the brightness of the screen between
Other options
just sliding any finger
from the bottom of the screen
up we will access the panel of the
control center that includes all
these options and others that were already in
previous occasions also brings a
new notification center just
with sliding your finger down on the
top part we can access the
notifications power options
see them all today and the most reviewed
multitasking assumes that
applications that have not been closed
appear now in the form of letters in a
simple interface showing what
we open inside the app as well as its
icon on the bottom itunes radio
now we can listen to varied music
via streaming where we can create
our playlist buy the
song and search by genre artist or
song
among other options the photos
main characteristics or changes
are in the way of organizing the
photographs an outdated system that
had hardly received any changes in
the latest versions and that concentrated
all the photos in the gallery app
all of our photographs will still be there
but there are new ways of
presentation and greater ease for
create albums in addition to ordering our
images we can also apply
filters to the photos although this already
we can do with other applications
the next one is the drop if bad
I remember they will only have it on the iphone 5
and the ipad fourth generation ipad mini and
the ipod toch fifth generation its
main function is to share
anything message mail pictures
videos etc to facebook twitter
messages and other services but with the
novelty of having added contacts and
select them to send them what
we want
in the camera we will see a new design
simple and nice and very easy to
use
now safari we can see more
clean fluid and occupying almost all the
device screen we will find
the options at the bottom and
We will have a new way to change
of pages
in citi although I think it is not used
a lot has changed in appearance and
presentation can choose different
voices to grab and apart from improving the
user interface
the mail application will now be more
fluid white easy to use and
we will find the options already known
but in different design the application
of the weather will be much more pleasant now
When choosing some place or country we
will show the temperature in degrees but
with a very realistic animation we will see
the rain snow a sunny or cloudy day
and in messages when sending some writing
it will come out from the bottom and it will
there may be a half transparent keyboard
also improving the design
I must highlight other features very
good to be sailing in a
application we can slide your finger to the
right or left and we will move
within the app when accessing within
an application folder we can
just slide to the right or
left and choose the app that we want
with the characteristic that now it will be
a half transparent folder ios 7 already
is available in its beta version by
if you want to try it this new version
of the operating system comes structured
and stable
will be available later in
fall for the following devices and
its recent versions iphone 4 iphone
4s iphone 5 ipod toch fifth generation
ipad 2 on and the ipad mini
in my opinion there is a 7 has exceeded my
expectations although there could be
added more features but still
look good what do you think
In this respect, this has been a brief
summary of what's new in this I hope
you liked it until later friends
take care goodbye